Good morning, family. I'm excited to be
with you all again today. Look at
this. This is our prayer. This is
what we were interceding for last night.
Whenever we were praying,
there wasn't even rain in the
forecast, and all of a sudden,
it just started
raining. I could hear the thunder, and
we got almost an inch of rain.
This is supernatural
rain, ladies and gentlemen. When you pray
and you believe, all things are possible
to him that believes—even the weather.
I
just wanted to come on here; I'm
excited about it. I wanted to
show you what
happens when you believe God for
something. Rain is a
big deal for us because it's been really
dry. I just thought,
'I
wanted to come on
and show you our prayers are
working.'It's
amazing for the farmers, for
the drought, for all of it.
We're going to believe some more tonight.
I asked the Lord for three inches, but we
almost got an inch. It's a
work in progress. Sometimes
you see the olive branch
and the dove's beak
before you get the full manifestation.
Like Noah, he sent the dove out
and it brought back an olive branch,
showing him the flood was over,
the storm was over. I'm telling
you, that's the way it will be in your life.
Believe God. Even if you
see first the blade, then the ear, then
the full manifestation, never give up on
what you're believing for. You may see
just a little bit of something, just like
I saw almost an inch, but I'm believing
God for over three inches. I want to go four or
five inches
to break the drought so that
we're not in one anymore. These
are
exciting times. I have
such an expectation in my spirit
today. There's a stirring inside of
me; something is happening in the
realm of the spirit as we're praying
together. I can feel it. Tonight,
when I was sitting there talking to
the Lord, I felt
a fire, like when
you're stoking a fireplace.
I can feel it turning. I
said,
'Holy Spirit, there's
something going
on.'We're
moving the mountain, y'all.
Faith will move a mountain. The
Bible says it in Mark 11:23
and
24: 'Whatsoever things you
desire, when you pray, believe that you
receive them, and you shall have them.
If you say to the mountain,
"Be thou removed and be thou cast into
the sea,"and
shall not doubt in your heart,
you shall have whatsoever things you
say.'I
want to encourage you all:
don't give up on what you're believing
for.
When I was praying this
evening, the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you
to tell those old testimonies you've
told before.'I told you all
a couple of videos ago about the dog being
raised from the dead and my little girl
praying for that dog in the hall.
All things are possible to him
who
believes.
I'm going
to tell you another testimony of what
happened to me.
I was mowing my grandmother's
yard—I
mowed
her
grass all the
time—and
there was this African-American man
walking down the road. He would
walk a couple
of
feet and stop,
breathing really hard.
I thought, 'Wow, that's
sad,'but
I just kept mowing.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to
go pray for that man.'I said, 'You want
me to go pray for that
man?'I
ignored it, to be real
with y'all. I
thought,
'I don't know that man; I'm not going to
go pray for
him.'I
just
started mowing some more. He got closer, and the Lord
said, 'Are you going to obey me and go pray for that man?'I reasoned it out in my mind, thinking that man probably wouldn't want me praying for him. That's your flesh trying
to talk you out of
it through fear or
intimidation. The devil tries to
whisper in your ear to
discourage you. The man
got right
up
to
me,
and the Lord said sternly, 'Are you going
to obey me and go pray for that
man?'I
said, 'Father, I'm sorry. I'll go
pray for him.'I
turned
the mower off and
said, 'Sir, can I talk to
you for a second?'He stopped
and looked at me. I noticed
his skin was ashy.
He looked
very pale
and
gray, not healthy.
He had tubes in his nose and
an oxygen tank he was dragging
behind
him.
I
asked,
'How are you doing today?'He
said,
'I'm not doing good. I'm dying.'I asked what the problem was. He said,
'I need a lung transplant. I sprayed
Roundup for the government for 38 years,
and it
ruined my lungs.
I'm on the
donor
list. The doctors say if I
don't get these lungs, I'm going to
die.'I
asked,
'Do you
believe
Jesus
will heal
you?'He
just shook his head,
looking
dumbfounded.
He didn't give me a
straight answer;
he
just looked at
the ground. I
asked,
'Can I lay hands on you?'He looked
at me
like
I
was weirding him out. I
said,
'I can just pray for you,'and he
said that was
fine,
I could touch his
shoulder.
I put my hand on his shoulder and said,
'I'm
going to say a
prayer for you and we're going to
believe God. I believe
with all my heart that today you're
going to get healed because Jesus told me
to pray for
you.'I
said, 'I
speak to your lungs to be healed in the
name of Jesus, and I command new lungs to
go inside your body.'I didn't ask;
I commanded
them.
I
touched his chest and said,
'I
command you to be healed and I command
new lungs to come back into your
body.'I
didn't feel
anything.
I thought it was like touching a cold
stove.
I said, 'I
believe you're healed. Have a blessed day.'He
thanked me and walked away.
I said,
'Lord, I obeyed
you. Now it's your
job.'About
a week
later,
this
man ran up to me in the
yard.
I did not
recognize him.
He said, 'Sir, do you
remember me?'I said, 'No, I've never
seen you
before.'He
said, 'I'm the man you prayed
for!'I
said,
'My goodness, sir,
look at you!'His skin was completely
normal. He
had color back in
his skin and looked healthy.
He said, 'I was
healed when you prayed for me. I
went back to the doctor, and the doctor asked what I did. He said I
have
two
brand-new
lungs.'They
took him
off the
donor
list. He had no
oxygen tank and was walking around normally.
He came
back to
thank
me.
We
eventually
led him to Jesus.
He
used
to
walk
around the
neighborhood
fast
with his little cane.
He wanted
peaches, so I gave
him some from my trees. It was
an
amazing testimony. But
after a period of
time—this
went on for a
few
years—he
started walking slow
again. He got that ashy look
and
the
tubes
in his nose
again.
What I'm trying to say is you
can get a healing,
but if you don't get a foundation
in
the Word of God, the enemy comes back.
The Bible
says he goes away for a
season,
but he
returns
to the house he came from.
If you don't have the Word
inside you to know that 'by His
stripes you are healed,'when the
devil tries
to bring that sickness back,
you have to
resist
him.
You have
to stand
and say,
'I am not accepting your
poo-poo
package on my front porch
again.'If
you don't have a
foundation,
you
can't
keep
your
healing.
You
need
a root of the Word deep
in
your heart so that when the devil
comes
like
a roaring lion,
you say,
'You're not coming back on my
land.'Great
healing miracles and
demonstrations of the Spirit are coming.
Many
of you will be healed,
but the only
way you'll keep it is by having a
revelation of who you are in Christ.
You've
got to renew your mind daily.
You can't just
stay on the milk
of
the
Word.
It's time
to go from the
milk
to the
meat. It's time to get some teeth
and a backbone and stand up for what the
Word says.
The devil
can't devour the
one who has a foundation in the Word of God.
I had
a
vision where babies
across America were
in soiled
diapers
with
flies buzzing around them.
They were
crying, wanting their diapers changed.
They
were spiritual babies,
but the Lord wants to grow you up.
Stand therefore,
so
you have a backbone against the devil to
say, 'You're not robbing me
anymore.'I'm
trying to
teach you to take communion daily.
When
your
house is built
upon
the solid
rock, the winds and waves of
life
will not knock you down.
There
are
storms, but there
is also
glory.
I
don't
want to
hear
that you were healed
and
then
lost
it
because the devil
came
to test you. You've got to
learn how to
stand.
Get the Word down inside
your heart and you will be able to
clean his clock.
The Lord told me he wants
you
to believe for bigger. 2024 is
not over yet.
God specializes in the
impossible.
He is the same yesterday, today,
and forever.
The same Jesus who healed the sick
2,000 years ago will heal your body
today.
I
want to agree with
you for your
miracle. Don't
let
one more day pass without believing.
Faith is an act. Do what you couldn't do
before.
Today is your day for your miracle.
We're going to
take communion.
This is the meal
that heals.
We are joint
heirs
with him.
Sickness and disease can't
stay because God is
a healer.
Galatians 3:13 says Christ has redeemed
us
from the curse of the law.
I receive what he
did today.
I call myself healed. I call
myself well. Your mountain needs to hear
your voice.
I can't
believe for you;
you
have
to speak to your own
mountain.
Speak to
cancer,
diabetes,
depression, or anxiety
and
tell
it
to
go.
Every knee must bow to the
name of
Jesus. Cancer
is a
name,
and it must bow.
Heart disease is a
name, and it must bow.
The
fire is
inside you to drive out
disease.
By
his stripes,
we are healed.
Father, I thank you for this body that
was broken for me. I
take this, and
I am
healed.
This is the meal that
heals, and
I have a
covenant of healing and prosperity. I have
the mind of Christ.
God has not given me a
spirit of fear, but of power, love,
and a sound mind. I receive
his
peace.
I cast down every imagination
that exalts itself against the
Word of God. I
refuse
to
fear.
I
have
a
mind
full of
joy
and
the fruit of the
Spirit.
I can do what the Bible says I can do.
Father, we
take this body and thank
you that
we are whole. We
take this blood
and
thank you
that
our
sins
are
cast
into
the
sea
of
forgetfulness.
If you make much of the
blood, the blood will make much of you. I enter
boldly into
the courtroom
of heaven.
Jesus is my advocate and
is making intercession for me
right now.
Father,
we come to your throne and
want to
sit at your
feet.
We want to hear you
breathe.
As
childlike faith,
we crawl into your lap and say, 'Abba,
Father.'We
want
a deeper revelation
of who you
are—our
Great Physician
and
Jehovah
Jireh.
You
supply all our needs.
We just
rest in your
arms,
listening to
your
heartbeat.
I
love
you,
Lord.
I have no
other.
I'll never forsake you.
There is fullness of peace and joy in Him.
Lay
your
baggage
at His feet and crawl
into
His lap.
Practice
the
presence of the
Lord.
We are
strong in
the Lord, not in ourselves. A good father never turns his
child away.
He
picks
you
up
and
embraces
you
when
are
hurting.
The Lord knows every
pain
and
every
wound
from
people's
words.
Even when you sin, run
to
God,
for he is rich in
mercy.
Like the
prodigal
son, the
Father is waiting with
open
arms.
Don't let the devil lie to you;
there
is
nothing too big for God to
forgive.
He's waiting for you to come home. He
doesn't see you as an
adult; you're his child.
He
will
brush you off
and hold
you. I don't know who that is for
today, but
the
Lord
wanted you to know his
heart.
God
is
love.
He
corrects those he loves
because he
doesn't want anyone to go to hell.
He wants all to come to
repentance.
Today is your day.
Father, I'm coming
home.
Cleanse me and forgive me.
I
want
a
day-to-day
relationship with you.
I
thank you, Holy Spirit,
for
ministering to those around
me right now. I
pray
for a fresh
touch of your fire and peace on their lives.
For
those
who are
wore
out,
take his yoke upon
you, for his burden is
light.
I
remember
when
I was
battling depression and
struggling
in my
marriage.
I went to a church service and
Jesus walked
in through a massive
portal. I could see
the great cloud
of
witnesses—our
loved ones
who
have gone before
us.
Jesus
walked
up to me. He had a beautiful robe
and
leather
sandals.
He
showed
me
that
I was inside a
box, and he said my thinking
was
toxic
because
I
was
thinking
too much on the wrong things.
He
removed
the lid
and
told
me
his
yoke is easy.
He
wanted
me
to be free.
He smiled at me with an
expression of
love
that
melts
you.
I tell you these things to encourage
you
and fan your
flames.
The Lord
told
me
to
give
you
a
refreshing.
I hope
this
comes across the screen.
This is my prayer
time, and I'm letting you be a
part of it.
If you
humble yourself, he will visit you.
He
is
more real to
me than
this
table.
Father, I thank you
for these people.
I
take authority over any
demonic
attack
against this nation.
No weapon
formed against us shall prosper. We plead
the blood over
every household. We condemn the words spoken against us;
they
will not bear fruit.
We thank you for
your angels watching over us.
I call for finances
from the north,
south, east, and west.
Satan, let go of
the
money
in
Jesus'name.
We call
for
cryptos like XRP to go up in value to
bring
blessing to
households.
We speak life over
jobs
and promotions.
We pray
for
restoration in marriages
and
call
the
children home. We speak to the blinders on the eyes of unsaved
loved ones
and
call them saved.
We praise you for financial
blessing, health, and mental
soundness. We call for godly
leadership in this nation
and a move of your
Spirit like never before.
We give you all the glory.
Amen.
I'll
do another video tomorrow.
Please
like and subscribe.
Jesus is coming
soon. Morning,
night, or noon, many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will
surely
sound; all of the dead shall
rise.
Righteous, meet in the sky, going where
no one dies.
Heavenward
bound. He's coming
soon.
Put a smile on your face.
Jesus loves you.
God bless you.